feat: add support for onBeforeTransaction (#131)
gr4vy/gr4vy-embed: packages/embed-react/README.md

| `redirectMode`            | `fallback`  | `fallback`, `fullPage` - An optional configuration to change how redirects to payment providers are performed. `fallback` will attempt a popup before redirecting, `fullPage` will always perform a full page redirect rather than using a popup. This can be useful for testing the fallback behaviour where a popup could not be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `onBeforeTransaction`     | `null`      | An optional transaction hook that allows you to set options per transaction request. This should return a promise and can be used for updating the externalIdentifier, metadata and token.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onBeforeTransaction`     | `null`      | An optional callback hook is called right before a transaction is created. It allows you to change the `metadata` and `externalIdentifier` right before a transaction request. This callback should return a promise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

/>
```

> ## Updating transaction options
> 
> Embed will use the options you pass in in all transaction requests. Options can also be set dynamically per transaction request
> using the `onBeforeTransaction` callback.
> 
> ```ts
> setup({
>   onBeforeTransaction: async () => {
>     const { token, metadata } = await merchantBackend.getMetadata()
>     return {
>       token,
>       metadata,
>     }
>   },
> })
> ```
> 
> If you specify a key that is already set as a default option, you will need to merge the existing options.
> 
> ```ts
> setup({
>   onBeforeTransaction: async ({ metadata }) => {
>     return Promise.resolve({
>       token,
>       metadata: {
>         ...metadata, // merge existing metadata
>         saleDiscount: '10%',
>       },
>     })
>   },
> })
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating transaction metadata and external identifier

By default Embed will use the options you pass when initializing Embed for every transaction request. These options can be dynamically changed for every transaction request using the `onBeforeTransaction` callback. This is useful in case you want to 
create a just-in-time unique ID and assign this to the transaction as either metadata or an external identifier. 

```ts
setup({
  onBeforeTransaction: async () => {
    const { orderId } = await merchantBackend.getOrderId()
    return {
      externalIdentifier: orderId
    }
  },
})
```

If you specify a key that is already set as a default option then you will need to merge the existing values with your change.

```ts
setup({
  onBeforeTransaction: async ({ metadata }) => {
    const { token, orderId } = await merchantBackend.getOrderId()

    return {
      token, // new token with pinned metadata
      metadata: {
        ...metadata, // merge existing metadata
        orderId,
      },
    }
  },
})
```

```

/>
```

## Updating transaction metadata and external identifier

> By default Embed will use the options you pass when initializing Embed for every transaction request. These options can be dynamically changed for every transaction request using the `onBeforeTransaction` callback. This is useful in case you want to

Reviewer 2: Is this right for every transaction request?

I dont think we generate a new idempotency key do we.

Author: Yes - every transaction request can generate new options. @cbetta Correct me if I'm wrong - but the responsibility is on the merchant not to change these value if they want idempotency?

Reviewer: Yes this is right.

Based on the conversation yesterday this was also fine.

* If a TX fails repeatedly (5xx/no response/409) then we show an error screen and prevent resubmission
* If a TX fails for other reasons the user can retry with a new card/other payment option and if the merchant were to create new options with different values then idempotency wont work, which is fine cause it's a different request.
